from 68 to the chief please
from 68 to the chief please a farm of David a song let God arise let
a farm of David a song let God arise let
a farm of David a song let God arise let his enemies be scattered let those also
his enemies be scattered let those also
his enemies be scattered let those also who hate him flee before him a smoke is
who hate him flee before him a smoke is
who hate him flee before him a smoke is driven away so drive them away as wax
driven away so drive them away as wax
driven away so drive them away as wax melts before the fire so let the wicked
melts before the fire so let the wicked
melts before the fire so let the wicked perish at the presence of God but let
perish at the presence of God but let
perish at the presence of God but let the righteous be glad let them rejoice
the righteous be glad let them rejoice
the righteous be glad let them rejoice before God yes let them rejoice
before God yes let them rejoice
before God yes let them rejoice exceedingly sing to God sing praises to
exceedingly sing to God sing praises to
exceedingly sing to God sing praises to his name extol him who rides on the
his name extol him who rides on the
his name extol him who rides on the clouds by his name yah
clouds by his name yah
clouds by his name yah and rejoice before him a father of the
and rejoice before him a father of the
and rejoice before him a father of the fatherless a defender of widows is God
fatherless a defender of widows is God
fatherless a defender of widows is God in his holy habitation God sets the
in his holy habitation God sets the
in his holy habitation God sets the solitary in families he brings out those
solitary in families he brings out those
solitary in families he brings out those who are bound into prosperity but the
who are bound into prosperity but the
who are bound into prosperity but the rebellious dwell in a dry land Oh God
rebellious dwell in a dry land Oh God
rebellious dwell in a dry land Oh God when you went out before your people
when you went out before your people
when you went out before your people when you marched through the wilderness
when you marched through the wilderness
when you marched through the wilderness the earth shook the heavens also dropped
the earth shook the heavens also dropped
the earth shook the heavens also dropped rain at the presence of God Sinai itself
rain at the presence of God Sinai itself
rain at the presence of God Sinai itself was moved at the presence of God the God
was moved at the presence of God the God
was moved at the presence of God the God of Israel you O God sent a plentiful
of Israel you O God sent a plentiful
of Israel you O God sent a plentiful rain whereby you confirmed your
rain whereby you confirmed your
rain whereby you confirmed your inheritance when it was weary your
inheritance when it was weary your
inheritance when it was weary your congregation dwelt in it you O God
congregation dwelt in it you O God
congregation dwelt in it you O God provided from your goodness for the poor
provided from your goodness for the poor
provided from your goodness for the poor the Lord gave the word great was the
the Lord gave the word great was the
the Lord gave the word great was the company of those who proclaimed it kings
company of those who proclaimed it kings
company of those who proclaimed it kings of armies flee they flee and she who
of armies flee they flee and she who
of armies flee they flee and she who remains at home divides the spoil though
remains at home divides the spoil though
remains at home divides the spoil though you lie down among the sheet folds you
you lie down among the sheet folds you
you lie down among the sheet folds you will be like the wings of a dove covered
will be like the wings of a dove covered
will be like the wings of a dove covered with silver and her feathers with yellow
with silver and her feathers with yellow
with silver and her feathers with yellow gold
gold
gold when the almighty scattered Kings in it
when the almighty scattered Kings in it
when the almighty scattered Kings in it it was white as snow in Zalman a
it was white as snow in Zalman a
it was white as snow in Zalman a mountain of God is the mountain of
mountain of God is the mountain of
mountain of God is the mountain of Batian a mountain of many peaks is the
Batian a mountain of many peaks is the
Batian a mountain of many peaks is the mountain of Batian why do you fume with
mountain of Batian why do you fume with
mountain of Batian why do you fume with envy you mountains of many Peaks this is
envy you mountains of many Peaks this is
envy you mountains of many Peaks this is the mountain which God desires to dwell
the mountain which God desires to dwell
the mountain which God desires to dwell in yes the Lord will dwell in it forever
in yes the Lord will dwell in it forever
in yes the Lord will dwell in it forever the chariots of God are twenty thousand
the chariots of God are twenty thousand
the chariots of God are twenty thousand even thousands of thousands the Lord is
even thousands of thousands the Lord is
even thousands of thousands the Lord is among them as in Sinai in the holy place
among them as in Sinai in the holy place
among them as in Sinai in the holy place you have ascended on high you have led
you have ascended on high you have led
you have ascended on high you have led captivity captive you have received
captivity captive you have received
captivity captive you have received gifts among men even from the rebellious
gifts among men even from the rebellious
gifts among men even from the rebellious that the Lord God might dwell there
that the Lord God might dwell there
that the Lord God might dwell there blessed be the Lord who daily loads us
blessed be the Lord who daily loads us
blessed be the Lord who daily loads us with benefits the god of our salvation
with benefits the god of our salvation
with benefits the god of our salvation our God is the god of salvation and to
our God is the god of salvation and to
our God is the god of salvation and to God the Lord belong escapes from death
God the Lord belong escapes from death
God the Lord belong escapes from death but God will wound the head of his
but God will wound the head of his
but God will wound the head of his enemies the hairy scalp of the one who
enemies the hairy scalp of the one who
enemies the hairy scalp of the one who still goes on in his trespasses the Lord
still goes on in his trespasses the Lord
still goes on in his trespasses the Lord said I will bring back from Batian I
said I will bring back from Batian I
said I will bring back from Batian I will bring them back from the depths of
will bring them back from the depths of
will bring them back from the depths of the sea that your foot may crush them in
the sea that your foot may crush them in
the sea that your foot may crush them in blood and the tongues of your dogs may
blood and the tongues of your dogs may
blood and the tongues of your dogs may have their portion from your enemies
have their portion from your enemies
have their portion from your enemies they have seen your procession Oh God
they have seen your procession Oh God
they have seen your procession Oh God the procession of my God my king into
the procession of my God my king into
the procession of my God my king into the sanctuary the singers went before
the sanctuary the singers went before
the sanctuary the singers went before the players on instruments followed
the players on instruments followed
the players on instruments followed after among them were the maidens
after among them were the maidens
after among them were the maidens playing timbrels bless God in the
playing timbrels bless God in the
playing timbrels bless God in the congregation's the lord from the
congregation's the lord from the
congregation's the lord from the fountain of Israel there is little
fountain of Israel there is little
fountain of Israel there is little Benjamin their leader the princess of
Benjamin their leader the princess of
Benjamin their leader the princess of Judah and their company the princes of
Judah and their company the princes of
Judah and their company the princes of Zebulun and the princes of NAFTA lie
Zebulun and the princes of NAFTA lie
Zebulun and the princes of NAFTA lie your God has commanded your strength
your God has commanded your strength
your God has commanded your strength strengthen
strengthen
strengthen what you have done for us because of
what you have done for us because of
what you have done for us because of your temple at Jerusalem Kings will
your temple at Jerusalem Kings will
your temple at Jerusalem Kings will bring presents to you rebuke the beasts
bring presents to you rebuke the beasts
bring presents to you rebuke the beasts of the reeds the herd of bulls with the
of the reeds the herd of bulls with the
of the reeds the herd of bulls with the calves of the peoples till everyone
calves of the peoples till everyone
calves of the peoples till everyone submits himself with pieces of silver
submits himself with pieces of silver
submits himself with pieces of silver scatter the peoples who delight in war
scatter the peoples who delight in war
scatter the peoples who delight in war envoys will come out of Egypt Ethiopia
envoys will come out of Egypt Ethiopia
envoys will come out of Egypt Ethiopia will quickly stretch out her hands to
will quickly stretch out her hands to
will quickly stretch out her hands to God sing to God new kingdoms of the
God sing to God new kingdoms of the
God sing to God new kingdoms of the earth Oh sing praises to the Lord to him
earth Oh sing praises to the Lord to him
earth Oh sing praises to the Lord to him who rides on the heaven of heavens which
who rides on the heaven of heavens which
who rides on the heaven of heavens which were of old indeed he sends out his
were of old indeed he sends out his
were of old indeed he sends out his voice a mighty voice ascribe strength to
voice a mighty voice ascribe strength to
voice a mighty voice ascribe strength to God his excellence is over Israel and
God his excellence is over Israel and
God his excellence is over Israel and his strength is in the clouds Oh God
his strength is in the clouds Oh God
his strength is in the clouds Oh God you are more awesome than your holy
you are more awesome than your holy
you are more awesome than your holy places the God of Israel is he who gives
places the God of Israel is he who gives
places the God of Israel is he who gives strength and power to his people blessed
strength and power to his people blessed
strength and power to his people blessed be God